doc: add a guide to test/dry-run CUE templates (#1191)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/cue/development-guide.md

> # Development Guide

Reviewer: add a reference link in Quick start and CUE Basic.

> This document will guide platform builders use `cue` and `vela` tools to test/dry-run your CUE templates. In this guide we will take a workloaddefinition in [GoogleCloudPlatform-MicroServices-Demo](https://github.com/oam-dev/samples/tree/master/7.GoogleCloudPlatform_MicroServices_Demo) as example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document will guide you an easy way to test/debug with your CUE templates.
We will rely on the [`cue`](TODO:link) tool and [`vela`](TODO:link) cli, please install them first.
This guide will take a workloaddefinition in [GoogleCloudPlatform-MicroServices-Demo](https://github.com/oam-dev/samples/tree/master/7.GoogleCloudPlatform_MicroServices_Demo) as example.
```

								cpu: parameter.cpu
							}
							if parameter.memory != _|_ {
								memory: parameter.memory
							}
						}
					}
				}]
			}
		}
	}
}
// Service
outputs: service: {
	apiVersion: "v1"
	kind:       "Service"
	metadata: {
		name: context.name
		labels: {
			"app": context.name
		}
	}
	spec: {
		type: "ClusterIP"
		selector: {
			"app": context.name
		}
		ports: [{
			port: parameter.servicePort
			if parameter.containerPort != _|_ {
				targetPort: parameter.containerPort
			}
			if parameter.containerPort == _|_ {
				targetPort: parameter.servicePort
			}
		}]
	}
}
parameter: {
	version:        *"v1" | string
	image:          string
	servicePort:    int
	containerPort?: int
	// +usage=Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully
	podShutdownGraceSeconds: *30 | int
	env: [string]: string
	cpu?:    string
	memory?: string
}
```

The script `/hack/vela-templates/mergedef.sh` can merge the `def.yaml` and `def.cue` to a WorkloadDefinition.
Export the script path to the Env can impove your development efficiency.

```shell
$ export PATH="$PATH:your_kubevela_project_path/hack/vela-templates"
$ mergedef.sh def.yaml def.cue > workloaddef.yaml
```

> ### Test CUE Template

Reviewer: move it to be the first part.
